hey guys welcome to my channel the most
popular question below my last video was
marina what's happening to your business
what's gonna happen to your business
when you're gonna go and study this
video is about what's going to happen to
my business if you're interested
continue what I think in order to answer
their question I need to go back to the
basics of entrepreneurship so who me
being an entrepreneur doesn't mean
working 24/7 for own company being an
entrepreneur means working for your
company 24 hours a day will you just
start out but then it's about delegating
it's about hiring the right people it's
about making sure that you're able to
create that you are not burdening
yourself with tasks that take away your
inspiration the year 2017 has been the
most transformational for me in this
case because before that I have been
running my company since 2011 and before
that I think the toughest task for me in
the business was to actually let an
employee go and blame do whatever he
wants in terms of his KPIs in terms of
reaching the goals that are set in front
of him I just couldn't let go I want to
do everything myself yes I realized that
I'm doing everything better but at the
end of the day I realized I'm spending
all of my time on daily operations and I
just forget about the strategy I forget
about why I created the company I forget
about myself this doesn't happen to be
the case when you're running your own
company so this year 2017 we hired the
largest amount of employees to accompany
that with ever hired in her whole life
and that's because we realized yes this
is time to outsource this is time when
we know how the process work and we know
how to split them into several processes
and hire certain people to carry them
out so my idea behind all of that is to
explore what else is there in the world
and you know what's amazing when I
explore I explore something new for my
business as well and when I came to New
York Film Academy I realized that I've
done maths studies math the University
in economics I've done Silicon Valley
and then there is the whole new world
called Hollywood and I have chance to
explore it this is why these six-week
course
designed you just go there for six weeks
in order to figure out whether that's
for you or not or maybe what I feel I
don't want to do masters of bachelor's
in filmmaking I just want to get into
that environment me those people and
feel how it feels to be in Hollywood so
this is what the course is about and yes
as I said business is my number one
priority by the way we just launched a
new service and I want you guys to check
it out it's called fluent Express and
this is something that I would use for
my personal statements for writing
emails to investors this is basically
where you can upload your text in
English and then our professional proof
readers who are native English speakers
are going to check it and they're going
to proofread it and make sure that you
haven't done any mistakes this is useful
for both native speakers and for
foreigners especially for foreigners
because my mistake right now in my
English is that I translate everything
from Russian like when I think in
Russian I translated from russian into
English and sometimes phrases sound to
Russian maybe or not American at all
so this is what I would use the surface
for see ya the link will be below please
let me know what you think guys this is
super important oh yeah by the way you
asked for more of San Francisco this is
San Francisco and something else and you
update in last video I showed you that I
bought Canon 5d Mark 4 I had to give it
back
the reason number one was that I just
went online and when I found it out with
a discount $700 discount and it was so
upset I got it in store so I just had to
give it back but then I also chat it to
a lot of you by the way on Instagram and
you said I should get another one so I
just got it you know what it's my party
and inviting a new camera I had to give
back my Canon so I recently bought Canon
5d Mark 4 but I had to give it back
because I realized it's too heavy
and when I put on the lens that I want
to use it's like maybe three kilogram
and I won't be able to carry it around
for my vlogs so I decided to go for Sony
Alpha and asked you guys on Instagram
and the majority of you work for Sony
Alpha and many of you reached out
directly and cents on the alpha thank
you for that so I'm making this purchase
yes well it's about Friday but they had
it on sale for like a couple months I
guess already as I said like Fridays no
longer the Black Friday we used to know
and all of the deals are online
we're gonna go to Macy's store and find
out whether there's something
interesting going on but let's do it
this is the most expensive camera I've
ever had in my whole life I would say
this is one of the most expensive pieces
of equipment after this macbook that I'm
using Sony Alpha a7r two realest digital
camera three two one confirm and base
yes your honor was placed it's gonna
come soon
I'll reach an email come from me yes you
quality of the block a second time I'm
happy like I was so happy when I got
that cannon and I'm so happy when I got
the eyes sunny alpha I still need to get
the lens and I still need to get extra
batteries because battery life is the
problem on this camera but anyway yes
this is basically the strategy this is
what is gonna happen for the next two
months in the next two months I'm gonna
explore something new and this doesn't
mean I'm giving up my business not at
all I'm just trying to like next month
I'm going to turn in this super
hard-working planner because you know
when I blend stuff when I blend my day I
manage to do 50 X more than if I do
without a plan because when you have a
plan you're like okay today here's the
task
here's that I'm doing after lunch here's
the task that I'm doing before dinner
and it goes a lot smoother so December
January I'm gonna apply all of my
planning skills in order to try and
manage running a company managed taking
the course which is nine to six everyday
so it's a full-time course logs I have a
Russian channel as well you can watch me
do that I'm super excited about this and
again my goal in running company is to
be able to explore other spheres and to
be able to spend my time in order to
explore my own talents because
eventually they're gonna contribute to
the development of the company in
general so yeah this is it you know what
let's go and check out the black rider
it's actually bright and Black Friday
let's go to Macy's and see what's in
store and let me know what you think
about the entrepreneurship theory I just
came up with it myself and this is how I
feel so something that I've read but if
you want to read something I would
totally suggest in Ferriss 4-hour
workweek I think he was his book was one
of the pieces that connected everything
connected the picture for me that I
should outsource that I shouldn't do
everything myself
though I still do a lot of things myself
there are some things I would never ever
give to other people
well at least this year next year we
should try to outsource we should try to
delegate I think this is the toughest
thing for entrepreneurs let me know what
you think guys anyhow let's go get
Black Friday
[Music]
I'm going to show you the cutest thing
in the world
Macy's does it every Christmas this is
the cutest thing you could do
[Music]
[Applause]
so you've seen the Black Friday I went
to Macy's I wanted to get a mascara I
got a no deal no present nothing just
the casual day I think it's just another
opportunity for people and other excuse
for people to go and shop well there are
some discounts but for whatever I needed
this day there were noticed Thanksgiving
Day is when people start preparing for
Christmas this is officially the day
when you can buy you a Christmas tree
like the day after Thanksgiving and
people start shopping for Christmas
gifts and I just love the atmosphere
I love how warm it is right now if you
understand Celsius it's around 20
degrees I'm actually boiling in the
sweater I'm so happy this day I got my
camera I'm gonna show it all to you in
the next vlog it's gonna ship in a week
thank you so much for watching this up
to the end if you enjoyed this vlog
please like and hit subscribe
[Music]